NGINX, MySQL, CoreDNS - Docker, Kubernetes, ECS instructions (#8760)
DataDog/integrations-core: mysql/README.md

4. [Restart the Agent][10].

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Docker" xxx -->
#### Docker

To configure this check for an Agent running on a container:

##### Metric Collection

Set [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][27] as Docker labels on your application container:

```yaml
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.check_names"='["mysql"]'
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.init_configs"='[{}]'
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.instances"='[{"server": "%%host%%", "user": "datadog","pass": "<UNIQUEPASSWORD>"}]'
```

See the [Autodiscovery template variables documentation][28] to learn how to pass `<UNIQUEPASSWORD>` as an environment variable instead of a label.

#### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see the [Docker log collection documentation][29].

Then, set [Log Integrations][30] as Docker labels:

```yaml
LABEL "com.datadoghq.ad.logs"='[{"source":"mysql","service":"mysql"}]'
```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Kubernetes" xxx -->

#### Kubernetes

To configure this check for an Agent running on Kubernetes:

##### Metric collection

> Set [Autodiscovery Integrations Templates][31] as pod annotations on your application container. Aside from this, you can also configure templates with [a file, a configmap, or a key-value store][32].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set [Autodiscovery Integrations Templates][31] as pod annotations on your application container. Alternatively, you can configure templates with a [file, configmap, or key-value store][32].
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: mysql
  annotations:
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.check_names: '["mysql"]'
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.init_configs: '[{}]'
    ad.datadoghq.com/nginx.instances: |
      [
        {
          "server": "%%host%%", 
          "user": "datadog",
          "pass": "<UNIQUEPASSWORD>"
        }
      ]
  labels:
    name: mysql
spec:
  containers:
    - name: mysql
```

See the [Autodiscovery template variables documentation][28] to learn how to pass `<UNIQUEPASSWORD>` as an environment variable instead of a label.

#### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see the [Kubernetes log collection documentation][33].

> Then, set [Log Integrations][34] as pod annotations. You can also configure this with [a file, a configmap, or a key-value store][35].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, set [Log Integrations][34] as pod annotations. Alternatively, you can configure this with a [file, configmap, or key-value store][35].
```
